Announcing social co-working sessions (#240)
ropensci/roweb3: content/events/2021-09-07-coworking-2021-09.md

---
title: Social Coworking and Office Hours
dateStart: 2021-09-07T16:00:00 # UTC!!
dateEnd: 2021-09-07T18:00:00 # UTC!!
date: 2021-09-07T18:00:00 # UTC!! same as dateEnd
description: Monthly coworking for productivity, asking questions, socializing
location: 'online' # free text
slug: "coworking-2021-09"
country: "\U0001F310" # emoji
outputs: 
- HTML
- Calendar 
attendees:
  - Steffi LaZerte
  - Stefanie Butland
deets: |
    Meeting ID: 916 3383 5045
    
    Passcode: 253788
zoomurl: https://zoom.us/j/91633835045?pwd=MkkvOUVHQU84TEhTOVpaYU1KYU5Xdz09    
---

**Join us for 2 hours Tuesday, September 7th, 9 AM Pacific / 16:00 UTC for our first official Social Coworking + Office Hours event.**

> Following our label-athon experiments we will be hosting [Social Coworking + Office Hour sessions](/blog/2021/08/17/coworking-sessions/) on the first Tuesday of the month. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are hosting [Social Coworking + Office Hours](/blog/2021/08/17/coworking-sessions/) on the first Tuesday of each month, alternating times to accommodate different parts of the world.
```

- Meet other package developers and rOpenSci staff in Zoom
- Cowork independently on work related to R
  - Plan out that package you've always wanted to create
  - Work on packages that tend to be neglected

>   - Make your packages more contributor-friendly (create issues, write a road map, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Make your packages more [contributor-friendly](/blog/2021/04/28/commcall-pkg-community/) (create issues, write a road map, etc.)
```
